My name is Malu Mørch.
No one can imagine
how much Jehovah has helped me.
I was raised in Sisimiut in Greenland.
My childhood was wonderful.
We were very often out in nature.
In the summer, we sailed.
And in the winter, we rode dog sledge
and we went hunting and fishing.
When I was a child,
I was very close to my parents.
I was a “daddy’s girl.”
He called me “My Beloved,”
so “Beloved” became my nickname.
It has been so wonderful
to be raised in the truth.
The greatest gift that I could get
is to know Jehovah through them.
When I was nine years old,
my parents got divorced.
It was terrible.
I saw how my siblings were hurt.
It cannot be explained how—
I mean, we were very wounded in our hearts.
When my parents divorced,
my father was disfellowshipped.
It was very hard to be separated like that.
I missed my dad a lot.
When my mom started to drink,
I also felt abandoned.
Because I knew what she had been doing,
I was not surprised when,
after some time, she was disfellowshipped.
But, of course, I felt very hurt and sad.
I supplicated Jehovah
to help me stay in the truth.
The pioneer sister who studied
with me helped me a lot.
She studied with me and sometimes took me
in the ministry and invited me to dinner.
When I was about 12 years old,
my father came back into the truth.
I was very happy that it finally happened.
I began to have
a good relationship with him again.
We sailed a lot,
drove snowmobiles, and rode dog sledge,
and my father and I
watched movies in the evening.
I remember that when my dad
heard that I was going to be baptized,
he shed a tear,
and I could see that he was proud.
When I was 15 years old,
my world fell to pieces.
My father committed suicide.
It’s difficult to describe
that my father was suddenly gone.
I can’t understand
why he would do such a selfish thing.
I missed him a lot.
It was like my heart was stabbed.
I was also very angry at him.
I wrote a lot.
And I wrote many letters to my father
about things that I wanted to tell him.
I also cried out to Jehovah in long prayers.
I love Psalm 34:18
about Jehovah being close
to “those who are crushed in spirit.”
That was how I felt.
And the thought that Jehovah is close to them
comforts me a lot.
I also did all I could
to go to all the meetings,
even when I didn’t want to see anyone.
Even if I had cried before the meeting,
I went anyway.
One month after my father’s death,
I got baptized.
I got baptized because I loved Jehovah.
When I was nine years old,
I had promised Jehovah
to serve him for the rest of my life.
My relationship with my mother
is much better now.
It is great to serve Jehovah
together with her now.
We preach together every Sunday,
and I always look forward to going
in the ministry together with her.
When I was 18 years old,
I began to help
in the remote translation office.
Later, I started pioneering.
I have always learned a lot from King David.
No matter what circumstances he faced,
whether bad or good,
he used them to draw close to Jehovah.
Jehovah has helped me to overcome
challenges through the congregation,
giving me “power beyond what is normal”
and taking me in as his daughter.